It is the lowest part of Kyushu, but this time is good
From Kyushu Hakata to the captain of the prefecture
'San, I will come'd like to various heard hello to your wishes to you people and captain
Masute N Cho N'Yes anymore
It 's a big curve in Kyushu-it feels like this
It will be a big season to climb that world key tiger
Natsuz hi no Leader 1 If I thought magic I felt a ground-related pirate's irresistible ramen ramen
Guitar nude
It's quite deep in this Kyushu, but it's about 80 meters in the big season
It is between 100 meters
go I will aim for it is 2 deep in February spring
It's 60 meters after and Wawaru dot any good pattern is but it is often fall
Oh Seok Te to Tsukekata of Well bait we'll do the shallow extremely Well I am 6 Actually afternoon
Drunk
But it is a function that can be that it is color-safe minute end point is pretty I usually
There are many things that are called Setouchi
The great appeal asked alive before Chung play anywhere in Well
It is the best
What kind of man or what kind of person is it to use it?
At first eye head is most orange series
I think this is the best orange gold feel students in this way it is in wearing this down
I will do it
Noborimaru of Toko of chi-generation 10g is this one to this
Oh dear
Pride in useless in volume up Te Wanted Yeah I will respond with these was felt even Tashi
I think a good or grinded Nde Spring Yara Neha
After Well Well map say protection two people Why do not you use that Cagli
It may be a good feeling to add Yes to this
Rutte challenges high by adding that gold
I think it would be better if you appealed this
It Tteyuu You know this new 120g is there Hi
That by so doing ease Well that place that I think because I was able to be pets and great
Do not say anything to either c talk
There is Nakasu place, but there is absolutely 120 in such a place
Still differ a little flame or ultra-softening or have the camera is there to usually close to the truth
Ado is it Well of Once somewhere come
The type brand feel half there is a power
Because I did not say, the captain told me in reverse and I said that I would be small because I would not eat
Not from the contrary , from the deep area appealing from the country
I like draw out more of Kusaka
To a certain Ne etc. also Toka's specifications at that time if I think that there are various patterns
It is how you look at the situation, so after all you need a lot of things
It's not even thing was
Not a roughly 80 all sounds Well basically Kyushu likely is that the Tteyuu is Well deep
Is it
Entered went up